# Source-Code
OUR SOURCE CODES ARE IN THE MASTER BRANCH
Final source code of our application (Kickilla)

A shoe is a thing of footwear proposed to secure and comfort the human foot. Shoes are additionally utilized as a thing of enrichment and style. The plan of shoes has changed gigantically through time and from one culture to another, with appearance initially being attached to work. In spite of the fact that the human foot is adjusted to shifted territory and environment conditions, it is as yet powerless against natural perils like sharp shakes and temperature limits, which shoes secure against. A few shoes are worn as wellbeing gear, for example, steel-soled boots which are needed on building locales. There are a wide range of sorts of shoes. Most kinds of shoes are intended for explicit exercises. For instance, boots are regularly intended for work or weighty outside use. Athletic shoes are intended for specific games like running, strolling, or different games. A few shoes are intended to be worn at more proper events, and others are intended for easygoing wear. There are additionally a wide assortment of shoes intended for various sorts of moving. Muscular shoes are unique kinds of footwear intended for people with specific foot issues or extraordinary necessities. Different creatures, like canines and ponies, may likewise wear exceptional shoes to ensure their feet too. The term 'athletic shoes' is normally utilized for shoes used for running or street running and indoor games like b-ball, however will in general avoid shoes for sports played on grass like affiliation football and rugby football, which are by and large referred to in North America as "spikes" and in British English as "boots" or "studs". Many workplaces require standing for prolonged periods of time and are possibly harming wellbeing, with connections to musculoskeletal problems and intense injury from work environment mishaps. Footwear gives the only interaction between the body and the ground and hence an expected way to affect musculoskeletal issues. Be that as it may, there is extremely restricted investigation into the essential plan and advancement of footwear dependent on both the actual ecological limitations and the individual inclination of the specialists. Accordingly, the motivation behind this examination was to investigate laborers' needs for footwear in the 'standing' working environment comparable to MSD, indications, solace, and plan.
